I only look at strength,
Capital cannot control the stage,
It’s even more difficult to stick to your body and lose your talent. On strength,
We describe this as a complaint from the University of Joaquin.
To be honest, if you finish this dance,
How much heat can you bring to our tracing?
Are you just recruiting people? Everyone is bad.
Why don't you leave quickly?
Go back to this old teacher to find him
You can't sleep with someone and meet who he is
Didn't even talk about the little things
So you helped the female boss?
I thought I had a lot of money
Dare to fight against capital like Criminal Law
A small company like Criminal
What a big challenge
Let me see who is my colleague